readme.md, before:

``` bash
   _____                                          _ ____
  / ____|                                        | |  _ \
 | |     ___  _ __ ___  _ __ ___   __ _ _ __   __| | |_) | _____  __
 | |    / _ \| '_ ` _ \| '_ ` _ \ / _` | '_ \ / _` |  _ < / _ \ \/ /
 | |___| (_) | | | | | | | | | | | (_| | | | | (_| | |_) | (_) >  <
  \_____\___/|_| |_| |_|_| |_| |_|\__,_|_| |_|\__,_|____/ \___/_/\_\
```

# WELCOME TO COMMANDBOX

CommandBox ColdFusion (CFML) CLI, Package Manager, REPL and much more!

* Trademark + Copyright since 2014 by [Ortus Solutions, Corp](https://www.ortussolutions.com)
* [All products by Ortus Solutions](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products)
* HONOR GOES TO GOD ABOVE ALL FOR HIS WISDOM FOR THIS PROJECT

**Official Releases**

Official stable releases can be found at the [CommandBox Official Page](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products/commandbox#download)

**Snapshot Releases**

Download from the [Ortus Download Site](https://downloads.ortussolutions.com/#/ortussolutions/commandbox/).

*Just please note that this contains latest bleeding edge releases that might not be stable.*

**Getting Started Guide**

Get going with CommandBox in a matter of minutes with our [Getting Started Guide](http://ortus.gitbooks.io/commandbox-documentation/content/getting_started_guide.html)

**Bug Tracker**

Found an issue? Check out [Bug Tracker](https://ortussolutions.atlassian.net/browse/COMMANDBOX)


## DOCUMENTATION

View our latest installation, usage, and development docs here:
[General Docs](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products/commandbox/docs)

View our latest Command API Docs here:
[General Docs](https://apidocs.ortussolutions.com/commandbox/current)

## VERSIONING

CommandBox is maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

``` bash
<major>.<minor>.<patch>
```

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

## COMMANDBOX LICENSE

CommandBox is open source and bound to the LGPL v3 GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright & TradeMark since 2014, Ortus Solutions, Corp

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

## CREDITS & CONTRIBUTIONS

I have included some software from other open source projects and I have used some code from open source projects in this framework. If I have forgotten to name someone, please send me an email about it.

I THANK GOD FOR HIS WISDOM FOR THIS PROJECT

## THE DAILY BREAD

"I am the way, and the truth, and the life; no one comes to the Father, but by me (JESUS)" Jn 14:1-12

Commit message:

Update readme.md (#257)
* Update readme.md

* Update readme.md

I updated title for community link

* Update readme.md

I updated title for community link

* Update readme.md

I updated text of community link

Co-authored-by: Brad Wood <brad@bradwood.com>

readme.md, after:

``` bash
   _____                                          _ ____
  / ____|                                        | |  _ \
 | |     ___  _ __ ___  _ __ ___   __ _ _ __   __| | |_) | _____  __
 | |    / _ \| '_ ` _ \| '_ ` _ \ / _` | '_ \ / _` |  _ < / _ \ \/ /
 | |___| (_) | | | | | | | | | | | (_| | | | | (_| | |_) | (_) >  <
  \_____\___/|_| |_| |_|_| |_| |_|\__,_|_| |_|\__,_|____/ \___/_/\_\
```


# WELCOME TO COMMANDBOX

CommandBox ColdFusion (CFML) CLI, Package Manager, REPL and much more!

* Trademark + Copyright since 2014 by [Ortus Solutions, Corp](https://www.ortussolutions.com)
* [All products by Ortus Solutions](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products)
* HONOR GOES TO GOD ABOVE ALL FOR HIS WISDOM FOR THIS PROJECT

**Official Releases**

Official stable releases can be found at the [CommandBox Official Page](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products/commandbox#download)

**Snapshot Releases**

Download from the [Ortus Download Site](https://downloads.ortussolutions.com/#/ortussolutions/commandbox/).

*Just please note that this contains latest bleeding edge releases that might not be stable.*

**Getting Started Guide**

Get going with CommandBox in a matter of minutes with our [Getting Started Guide](http://ortus.gitbooks.io/commandbox-documentation/content/getting_started_guide.html)

**Bug Tracker**

Found an issue? Check out [Bug Tracker](https://ortussolutions.atlassian.net/browse/COMMANDBOX)


## DOCUMENTATION

View our latest installation, usage, and development docs here:
[General Docs](https://www.ortussolutions.com/products/commandbox/docs)

View our latest Command API Docs here:
[General Docs](https://apidocs.ortussolutions.com/commandbox/current)

## VERSIONING

CommandBox is maintained under the Semantic Versioning guidelines as much as possible.

Releases will be numbered with the following format:

``` bash
<major>.<minor>.<patch>
```

And constructed with the following guidelines:

* Breaking backward compatibility bumps the major (and resets the minor and patch)
* New additions without breaking backward compatibility bumps the minor (and resets the patch)
* Bug fixes and misc changes bumps the patch

## COMMANDBOX LICENSE

CommandBox is open source and bound to the LGPL v3 GNU LESSER GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE Copyright & TradeMark since 2014, Ortus Solutions, Corp

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

## CREDITS & CONTRIBUTIONS

I have included some software from other open source projects and I have used some code from open source projects in this framework. If I have forgotten to name someone, please send me an email about it.

I THANK GOD FOR HIS WISDOM FOR THIS PROJECT

## Community and Support
Join us in our Ortus Community and become a valuable member of this project [Commandbox CLI](https://community.ortussolutions.com/c/communities/commandbox/14). We are looking forward to hearing from you!
